c:\users\lt111\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\bin\Debug\LibrarySys.exe.config
c:\users\lt111\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\bin\Debug\LibrarySys.exe
c:\users\lt111\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\bin\Debug\LibrarySys.pdb
c:\users\lt111\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\LibrarySys.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lt111\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\lt111\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\LibrarySys_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\lt111\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\LibrarySys_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\lt111\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\LibrarySys.g.resources
c:\users\lt111\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\LibrarySys.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lt111\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\LibrarySys.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lt111\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\LibrarySys.exe
c:\users\lt111\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\LibrarySys.pdb
c:\users\lt111\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\wLogin.g.cs
c:\users\lt111\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\wLogin.baml
c:\users\lt111\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\lt111\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\lt111\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\wRegi.g.cs
C:\Users\lt111\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\wRegi.baml
C:\Users\lt111\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\wAdmin.g.cs
C:\Users\lt111\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\wUser.g.cs
C:\Users\lt111\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\wAdmin.baml
C:\Users\lt111\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\wUser.baml
C:\Users\lt111\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\wAdAdm.g.cs
C:\Users\lt111\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\wAdAdm.baml
C:\Users\lt111\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\wAddBook.g.cs
C:\Users\lt111\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\wAddBook.baml
C:\Users\lt111\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\wBookEdit.g.cs
C:\Users\lt111\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LibrarySys\LibrarySys\obj\Debug\wBookEdit.baml
